Hi, again, this is the question for exercise 80.
Yet another interesting exercise, but quite challenging.
And in this exercise I'd like you to create a script again as the previous exercise that lets the users submit
a passwords until they have satisfied these three conditions, so passwords contains at least one number, one
uppercase letter, and it is at least five characters long.
But in deference to the previous exercise for this exercise I don't want a generic message.
That says one of you know, the password is not fine.
You don't know which of the conditions is not satisfied.
You know this isn't very useful for the user because they may keep trying a password but you never say
the real reason whether they have less than five characters or they are missing and uppercase letter
and so on.
So please give exact reason of why the user has not created a correct password this time.
So let me demonstrate this.
Exercise 80, enter password.
So if I enter ya this is saying please check the following.
You need at least one number, you need at least one uppercase letter, you need at least five characters.
So let me enter an uppercase letter and this time it says again please check the following.
You need at least one number, you need at least five characters, so the message you need at least one upper
upper case letter has gone.
It's not here anymore.
So the same if you do five characters you get you need at least one number.
If you put a number there, then it says password is fine.
This is what you have to build in this exercise.
I know it's quite challenging and tricky but give it a try.
I hope you solve it.
See you later.